# Am I A Hacker? DRAFT

Imagine some of the most annoying things that could happen to you.

Maybe people around you are incapable of shutting doors.

Or perhaps you've wound up in an unfamiliar area and your phone just died.

Well let me tell you a super annoying thing that happened to me age 12.

It is a custom near the end of one's 'Primary school' lifecycle in Britain to perform a school play, me not caring about acting or - memorising lines - was a stagehand and could chill pretty much, observing the happenings 'round me.

It was like any other day, I'm seated in the back of the hall, watching the others rehearse when a girl struts in and let's me know our Head wants me in her office.

"Oh" - I think. Naively. I must have caught her attention. What else could she call me in for, if not praising me for my academics or spotless behaviour?

So I walk in proudly.

"You called me in, Miss?" I say smiling, politely, I was always very polite.

"We suspect you're hacking"

What was the hack, I'm being accused of? I was wracking my brain up with possible situation, I got mistakenly dragged in for. A guy called Daniel, had his instagram and WhatsApp account hacked. Nothing more.

I try every defense in the book, what book? The book of naivety and truth.

Now that I think, about there are so many times when I've heard stories of innocent people being framed/tried and struggle to explain their way out of it. Oh boy, how I must have looked like a fish out of water...

So, the headteacher, a nice lady - not friendly like Miss Stein.

Tells me, very softly, as if she's talking to the guilty and damned, but need to explain their deduction 

"You could have WhatsApp installed on different devices" 

I'm afriad we have to get the police involved.

I ask her, "Why do you suspect me?".

She says, cooly, "Kelsey, believes it was you. She said your very good with computers".

Kelsey, was the girl at the beginning of my story, the girl who called me into the office.

The next few days, I was called in a few more times.

I was asked to hand my phone over to them, so they could perform a search, they wanted to sweep through my stuff!

Well, I uninstall whatsapp, because, boys being boys, tend to be in a groupchat, with locker room talk.

My dad called in? 

How do I explain to him, this is all a misunderstanding, that I somehow got tangled with these white and black kids?

Well, we're all sitting there, waiting for this deputy head to come in.

I look yonder, ritual silence follows and I tell my Dad.

"We've found a disgusting picture of an old man" on your phone, well she used some intensifier and made it sound really bad. 

I could probably find that image online - it was a fat guy smiling creepily as part of a meme.

Way to make a mountain out of a mole-hill, you find no dirt on me and now you've gone and told my old man
No lead on me, did I leave a trail of breadcrumbs some dastardly mistake

no they operated entirely on hearsay , it seems they wanted to force a confessoin

well, i my track record was no longer spotless after that wonder why people become disillusioned and fall out with institutiorns 

It should be considered of no coincidence that this left a very nasty distaste of my school, in my mouth.

