# The deportation of Muslim extremists

I recently read an article where the French authorities had arrested and deported an Islamic
preacher called Mahjoub Mahjoubi. It was by the telegraph and while reading it, there were many
references to the UK government and the way they handled extremists. Do keep in mind though that
the telegraph is also colloquially known as the ‘Torygraph’, notorious for their extreme leaning
towards the Conservative Party. However as informative as this article was, it was also a rant at the
British legal and immigration system, a peering into the inner workings of the French deportation
system and regrets of Brexit. Quite unrelated topics yes however one needle and thread connects
them all, Islamic extremism. Note: I am Muslim myself, this is a small commentary on the events that
are ongoing in my community that only a small amount of people seem to notice, yet most other
Muslims turn a blind eye to, or even counteract and say it was a conspiracy or a plan against Islam.
Some background on this Mahjoubi guy. He’s an imam who came from Tunisia, lived in France for 38
years, had 5 kids. But what he also did was that he spread hate about the French state, potentially
brainwashing and radicalising the Muslim youth who were in France (keep in mind France has many
Muslims who are mostly from North Africa). He has encouraged for the discrimination of women,
had decreed for the destruction of western society and also referred to Jews as the ‘enemy’. This
may already seem silly, how has the French government not deported him after he has said such
things? Well, we do not know, however a good observation to note is that if a white man in the
Middle East had called the Saudi government stupid or called for the destruction of Muslims, he
would have been executed already. But here is the final bit, Mahjoubi called the French flag ‘satanic’,
(he later stated this was a slip of tongue, bro what??? How does that even happen). This was the
final straw for the French law. After he was arrested for calling their tricolour flag such a bad thing,
within 12 hours of being detained, he was deported back to his native Tunisia. Mission accomplished
eh? Well no.
Further down the article, it makes a reference to Brexit and the European human rights courts. Quite
funny actually because, now let’s go through this step by step, 1) there was mass immigration to
Europe, 2) these immigrants largely tended to be middle eastern and Asian Muslims, 3) they (not all,
but a good few) did some illegal and nasty things, 4) these actions got tied to their religion by the
common public , 5) blame was put on the European union for all these migrants, hence Brexit (not
quite so simple as that but a general simplification). However from what we can see, since Brexit,
mass immigration to the UK has actually increased a lot, net migration into the country was 600,000
last year, I know its absurd. This is where the article gets amusing because it states that during a live
interview with Mahjoubi in Tunisia, he stated while crying that “They would never kick out an imam
in England, they would give him the chance to defend himself in court”. Now this actually cracked
me up because it is true. The UK courts would have allowed Mahjoubi to defend himself. However
France just deported him without any other proceedings, which in a sense is quite based. France has
basically adopted a “shoot first, ask later” approach.
Now, on a related note, the French government has passed legislation which makes it harder to
migrate there and has allowed the French interior minister to expel any extremists without any
other proceedings, making France a less lucrative place for not only Islamic extremists, but anyone
trying to migrate there. Something to observe here, France has managed to deport and control its
migration without leaving the EU or the European human rights court, something which the Rishi
Sunak is constantly threatening. Why doesn’t the UK just adopt tougher laws against such 
extremists? I do not know, but I feel like it might be to do with the large Muslim population in the
UK. (e.g Anjem Choudhury, I once raised concerns about him to a fellow Sylheti big bodied student
at my 6th form, apparently these claims were all lies made up to dirty the name of Islam, possibly,
but probably unlikely). Why don’t more Muslims speak out about this? The only public display of
opposition to Islamic extremists was a stall I saw in Stratford by Islamic dawah givers, which was
quite nice to see but a shame as well as personally it was the first time I had seen it. There is so
much more to talk about, so so much more but it all gets very complicated as it involves a foreign
culture trying to adapt to western values while sticking to others of the same community, not
integrating into the host nation yet using their resources at the same time, something that is easily
visible among the Bengali(Sylheti usually) and Pakistani Muslims. However, Indians seem to integrate
and mix very very well into British society while Sikhs are even better, getting praise from native
Britons and actually being welcomed into their society. Why are Muslims the outlier? I will end it
there
