De tumultae Southportae
Latin title because I feel like this article is just a small commentary on public and national events
which were also done by ancient Roman orators and scholars. My Latin is probably wrong but who
cares (I actually care but am too lazy to pull out my GCSE Latin noun declension and case chart
sorry), I just wanted this article to sound a bit scholarly and not just a silly rant.
Ok to begin.
As of writing this article (started 18:41 1st Aug. 2024), the Southport attacker who killed 3 innocent
souls and almost took the souls of 8-9 more people has been named as the 17 year old Axel
Rudakubana (will be 18 in like 6 days). I am very happy that the court has decided to reveal the name
of this demon to the public (yes I know the name would have been released anyway since he would
have become 18 soon but there was still a good chance of it not being revealed), not because the
public MUST know his name, but to quell the anti-muslim EDL fanatics who so so stupidly attacked a
mosque over idiotic rumours about the name and identity of the killer.
Some context, Axel was born in Cardiff to Rwandan immigrant parents, his religion has not been
revealed although it is most likely to be Christian. When it comes to the faiths of killers, Christianity
is ignored (although all faiths should be ignored unless the reason for the crime was due to religious
reasons). For a few days before the naming of the attacker, a false Muslim immigrant name was
circulating around the internet which was most definitely to rile up racists and EDL members.
Now, the EDL are full of crap, we all know that, however they did have reasons to do what they did
before the Southport riots. They had rallies in Trafalgar square saying ‘save our kids’, which
beckoned to the long list of Pakistani grooming gangs who groomed innocent children and ‘stop the
boats’, which was another link to the rubber dinghies that bring in supposed refugees from Albania,
Vietnam, Syria, Iraq, Iran etc. (although we know that they’re here for economic reasons as most of
the time they don’t bring their families). All of these reasons I had sympathy for and I understood,
especially the case with the Pakistani grooming gangs who’s reasons for grooming English girls was
that they were ‘kuffar’. Why the need to tarnish Islam with your highly sinful deeds?? That is another
topic for another day, I am losing the plot here. Main thing is, I (not always) had some sympathy and
understanding for the EDL and English nationalists as what they were doing was in the interests for
their nation and culture which was being rapidly eroded right in front of them, if this was the case in
Asia or Africa, of course the natives would do something about it, but the English and Europe in
general are too soft, they need to be more firm and promote their culture and values first without
accommodating for others, just like what the middle east does and what Denmark is rightly doing
(another topic for another day). Enough waffle, next paragraph.
With all the understanding I had for the EDL, I thought that whatever riot they were doing in
Southport must be legitimate as they maybe had found out the identity of the attacker. However
after seeing reports of a mosque and a poor little corner shop being vandalised by the mob, I
realised that this riot was just a stupid incident of drunk potbellied Englishmen trying to have fun in
the sun. How much of a schmuck do you have to be to have a riot over a rumour of the attacker
being a Muslim or immigrant? IF the attacker DID turn out to be Muslim, although I would never
justify attacking a mosque, I would sympathise with the EDL as they are just frustrated. But after
reading about the Southport riots, my positive leaning towards the EDL has waned.
I apologize if this rant bored you, my fingers hurt from so much typing
